Use bblfshd and fix documentation (#95)
src-d/spark-api: docs/usage/examples.md

```sql
SELECT repository_id,commit_count
FROM (
    SELECT
        repository_id,
        COUNT(*) AS commit_count
    FROM ref_commits
    WHERE ref_name = 'HEAD'
    GROUP BY repository_id
) AS q
ORDER BY commit_count DESC
LIMIT 10;
```

**10 top repos by file count at HEAD**

```sql
SELECT repository_id, num_files FROM (
    SELECT COUNT(f.*) num_files, f.repository_id
    FROM ref_commits r
    NATURAL JOIN commit_files cf
    NATURAL JOIN files f
    WHERE r.ref_name = 'HEAD'
    GROUP BY f.repository_id
) AS t
ORDER BY num_files DESC
LIMIT 10;
```

## Queries With Files

**Query for all LICENSE & README files across history:**

```sql
SELECT file_path, repository_id, blob_size
FROM files
WHERE
    file_path = 'LICENSE'
    OR file_path = 'README.md';
```

**Query all files at [HEAD](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Internals-Git-References#ref_the_ref):**

```sql
SELECT cf.file_path, f.blob_size
FROM ref_commits rc
NATURAL JOIN commit_files cf
NATURAL JOIN files f
WHERE
    rc.ref_name = 'HEAD'
    AND rc.history_index = 0;
```

## Queries With UASTs

> _**Note**: UAST values are returned as binary blobs; they're best visualized in the `web sql` interface rather than the CLI where are seen as binary data._

Reviewer: `web sql` was the command in engine!
```suggestion
_**Note**: UAST values are returned as binary blobs; they're best visualized in the web UI rather than the CLI where are seen as binary data._
```
